DOC-5501: Added tracing page to docs (#1532)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/deploying-operating/observability/tracing.md

---
date: '2023-05-10'
version: 'Corda 5.0 Beta 4'
title: "Tracing Framework"
menu:
  corda5:
    parent: corda5-cluster-observability
    identifier: corda5-cluster-tracing
    weight: 4000
section_menu: corda5
---

# Tracing Framework

As a Corda Cluster Operator, you may want to configure a tracing server and sample rate when deploying the Helm chart.
The tracing configuration supported by the Helm chart contains the following configuration in the `values.yaml` file:

```
tracing:

>   # -- URL for endpoint to send Zipkin-format distributed traces to e.g. http://tempo:9411

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # -- URL for the endpoint to send Zipkin-format distributed traces to for example http://tempo:9411
```

  endpoint: ""
  # --  Number of request traces to sample per second, defaults to 1 sample per second. Set to 'unlimited' to record all

>   traces, but in this case amount of tracing data produced can be quite vast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  traces, but in this case the amount of tracing data produced can be quite vast.
```

---
date: '2023-05-10'
version: 'Corda 5.0 Beta 4'
title: "Tracing Framework"
menu:
  corda5:
    parent: corda5-cluster-observability
    identifier: corda5-cluster-tracing
    weight: 4000
section_menu: corda5
---

# Tracing Framework

> As a Corda Cluster Operator, you may want to configure sample rate when deploying the Helm chart. You can do this using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a Corda Cluster Operator, you may want to configure tracing sample rate when deploying the Helm chart. You can do this using the
```

> As a Corda Cluster Operator, you may want to configure sample rate when deploying the Helm chart. You can do this using the
> `--trace-samples-per-second` command line option that:
> 
> * defaults to 1 sample per second if not set
> * allows specifying unsigned numeric values as samples per second
> * allows `unlimited` value to to sample all requests
> 
> The tracing configuration supported by the Helm chart contains the following information in the `values.yaml` file:

Reviewer 3: I'm told we haven't documented worker command line parameters. I think we should not document this one alone. Lets remove the command line parameter and focus on the Helm chart.

```suggestion
As a Corda Cluster Operator, you may want to configure a tracing server and sample rate when deploying the Helm chart. The tracing configuration supported by the Helm chart contains the following configuration in the `values.yaml` file:
```
